Chess tutorial (#29)
dojoengine/book: src/tutorial/onchain-chess/0-setup.md

# 0. Setup

> _Before you start, I recommend you to follow `hello-dojo` chaper to get a brief understanding of Dojo game._

Reviewer: add link here

## sozo init

Create a new Dojo project using `sozo init`. Check if you already installed `sozo`. (If not, check out installation [page](../../getting-started/installation.md) )

Open your empty game folder and open the terminal.

```sh
sozo init
```

## setup

> The project comes with a lot of boilerplate codes. Clear them all. Make sure both `components.cairo` and `systems.cairo` files are empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project comes with a lot of boilerplate codes. Clear it all. Make sure both `components.cairo` and `systems.cairo` files are empty.
```

In `lib.cairo`, retain only:

```rust,ignore
mod components;
mod systems;
```

> Build your initial setup project using `sozo build`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compile your project with:

```
sozo build
```
```

## Basic components

While there are many ways to design a chess game using the ECS model, we'll follow this approach: every board square (e.g., A1) will be treated as an entity. If a piece exists on a square, the square entity will hold that piece.

```rust,ignore
#[derive(Component)]
struct Square {
    #[key]
    game_id: felt252,
    #[key]
    x: u32,
    #[key]
    y: u32,
    piece: Option<PieceType>,
}

enum PieceType {
    WhitePawn,
    WhiteKnight,
    WhiteBishop,
    WhiteRook,
    WhiteQueen,
    WhiteKing,
    BlackPawn,
    BlackKnight,
    BlackBishop,
    BlackRook,
    BlackQueen,
    BlackKing,
}
```

> First, add this basic component to `components.cairo` file. If you are not familar with component syntax in Dojo engine, go back to this [chapter](../../framework/cairo/components.md).

Reviewer: this could be better above the code I feel

## Basic systems

> Starting from the next chapter, you will implement `initiate` and `move` systems one by each chapter. Let's make each system per file so that it can be more modularized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from the next chapter, you will implement `initiate` and `move` systems one in each chapter. Let's create each system in its own file for better modularity.
```

> Create `systems` folder at `src`. Create `initiate.cairo`and `move.cairo` two files inside the folder. Each file should contain a basic system structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a `systems` folder at `src`. Create `initiate.cairo`and `move.cairo` two files inside the folder. Each file should contain a basic system structure.
```

> For example, `initiate.cairo` would be looks like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, `initiate.cairo` would look like this:
```

```rust
#[system]
mod initiate_system {

}
```

and in `systems.cairo` we will use initiate_system like this:

```rust
mod initiate;

use initiate::initiate_system;
```

> Do the same with the other three systems. And make update `systems.cairo` like :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do the same with the other three systems. And make update `systems.cairo` like:
```
